#BE-4163 Docs - Testing Distribution Rework (#582)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-module/publish-information/resign-binary.md

- **Package ID**: This is the unique identifier for your Android application, also known as the application ID. It usually follows the format `com.example.myapp` and should not be changed during the resigning process.

:::caution Package ID

> Please note that changing the **Package ID** is not allowed while the related version is being resigned in the **Publish module**. If you need to change the **Package ID value** of your package, please use the **Resign Binary** feature in [Testing Distribution](/distribute/resigning-binaries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that changing the **Package ID** is not allowed while the related version is being re-signed in the **Publish module**. If you need to change the **Package ID value** of your package, please use the **Re-sign Binary** feature in [Testing Distribution](/distribute/resigning-binaries).
```
